Houses are so expensive now.
You see, this new product will sell for 30,000 a flat
Yipin Xinhui
Such a top real estate
Now it's only going to be one more 30,000
You know?
This property will be built 20 years later
But at least 200,000 yuan flat?
Excuse me.
Why don't we go look at the house?
viewing
I do know a few cheaper ones.
Just look at this Yipin Xinhui you mentioned.
Yipin Xinhui
Are you going to hold a new meeting?
Because only such a house is worthy of you
You're welcome to go.
They're getting married soon.
The house hasn't been decided yet.
Are you not going to marry me?
Look, I'm not saying I won't marry you
There has been a problem with the company account recently.
I'll buy you a house after this time
Ok?
What the hell are you doing here?
Chengfeng, it seems that you are indeed a little free now
Are you thinking of buying a house?
But you're in the wrong place
This is not a house that someone like you can afford
Right?
Liu Shao Liu Shao
It doesn't seem to be holding you back at work
I'm still in the mood to come here to see the house
Success, don't be so damn proud here
I, Liu Yaoyang, can solve that little problem by myself.
I'll tell you what.
Well, don't you fucking talk about mercy here
What is your most expensive villa?
Show me.
Hello, I'll take you to see it.
Why is this sale like this?
This is leaving with Liu Yangyang and the others
It's okay not to serve us.
His mind
Hello, why don't I introduce you?
Yes, then you can show me the villa too.
I love that shirt on you.
If I take out a loan to buy it
Can you give some discounts?